refactor: CloudAuthSIWX to ReownAuthentication (#473)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/authentication/siwx/default.mdx

This feature allows developers using our SDK to implement authentication by having users sign a unique string message with their blockchain wallets. The **Sign In With X** feature is designed in accordance with the [CAIP-122](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/main/CAIPs/caip-122.md) standard, which establishes a chain-agnostic framework for blockchain-based authentication and authorization on off-chain services.

<Frame caption="SIWX Demo">
  <video controls autoPlay loop src="/images/siwx.mp4"></video>
</Frame>

## Demo

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card icon="flask" title="Try Demo" href="https://appkit-lab.reown.com/library/siwx-default/" />
</CardGroup>

## Getting Started

**SIWX** works as a plugin system for AppKit and you are going to add the plugin in the AppKit configuration. There are some ways to implement the **SIWX** feature:

- Use Reown Authentication to manage the sessions in the Cloud Dashboard
- Use the `SIWXDefault` class provided by AppKit
- Create a custom implementation to suit your specific requirements.

To initialize the **SIWX** feature, you need to add the `siwx` parameter to the `createAppKit` function.

### Reown Authentication

> Reown Authentication is a predefined implementation of the SIWX configuration plugin that uses the Cloud service to create and manage SIWX messages and sessions. With Reown Authentication, you will be able to see and control the sessions of your users using the [Reown Authentication Dashboard](/cloud/user-management).

Reviewer: I'd start with something very straight forward, e.g:
Reown Authentication is a SIWX server hosted by Reown in order to speed up the development of dapps requiring a more traditional authentication system and reduce the maintenance burden of such a server.

Reviewer: Just saw the copy on https://github.com/reown-com/reown-docs/blob/f14657f5a160192de0888be6ec09d8c72a4e6a06/cloud/reown-authentication.mdx, the intro there looks perfect

> Reown Authentication is a predefined implementation of the SIWX configuration plugin that uses the Cloud service to create and manage SIWX messages and sessions. With Reown Authentication, you will be able to see and control the sessions of your users using the [Reown Authentication Dashboard](/cloud/user-management).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reown Authentication is our flagship SIWX (Sign In With X) solution - the recommended way to handle user authentication for modern web3 applications. Built specifically for multi-chain environments, it abstracts away the complexity of validating wallets across EVM, Solana, and Bitcoin networks.
With this solution, you will be able to see and control the sessions of your users using the [Reown Authentication Dashboard](/cloud/user-management).
```
